Add docs for current backport labels and process. (#10317)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/backports.md

# Backports

## Overview

Elastic Agent relies on backporting PRs to incorporate changes into the appropriate release branches after merging
into `main`. Creating backport PRs is handled automatically using the appropriate [backport labels](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/labels?q=backport).

> To target specific release(s), add one or more labels `backport-<branchName>` (e.g. `backport-9.2`). PRs can be labeled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target specific release branch(es), add one or more labels `backport-<release branch name>` (e.g. `backport-9.2`). PRs can be labeled
```
